This is the GUI Test.  Written by Tanner Zigrang

+Preconditions -- What happens when you run the project?
	-When running the project, a window will pop up divided into three section.
	-The on the left two thirds of the frame are the animation areas.  The top half of the animation 
		area is the WorldView.  This is where the user can see all the buildings in the city as well
		as people moving about and carrying out their daily business.  The bottom half of the
		animation area is the InteriorBuildingView.  This panel is used to see the actions of 
		the people inside the currently selected business.
	-The right third of the frame is reserved for the more informational panels.  This section is
		tabbed in order to give more freedom for the user to chose what information to look at.
		There are four tabs here: Currently Person, Current Building, Create New Person, and 
		Configuration.
	-The Current Person tab has two sections.  One section takes the upper half of the other takes 
		the lower half.  The upper half displays information about the currently selected person.
		The three sections that are displayed are name, money, and current role.  Currently, current
		role does not display anything as we ran out of time.  The lower half is a JScrollPane containing
		all the people in the simulation represented as buttons with a name on it.
	-The Current Building tab is much like the current person panel in that it has sections: the upper
		half and the lower half.  Again, like the current person tab, the current building tab's upper 
		half displays the building name and the amount of money it has.  Currently we have money blank.
		The bottom half has a JScrollPane containing a button with a name on it for each building in
		the city.
	-The Create New Person tab is where the use can dynamically add people to the simulation with user
		specified attributes.  The editable fields in this panel are Name (a text area), Money 
		(manipulated with a slider), work schedule (a radio button group for weekdays or weekends - this
		is in for future development of person) and a Occupation (a combo box).  At the bottom there is
		an Add button which creates the new person.
	-The Configuration tab is used for running certain scenarios.  At the top of this tab is a combo box
		with each of the scenario options.  Beneath that is an area where the currently selected configuration
		is described.  At the bottom is the Start button which runs the chosen configuration.
		
+Testing the click functionality of buildings in the world view
	-When the use clicks on a building in the world view (upper half of the left side of the screen),
		the building interior view (lower half of the left side of the screen) should change to 
		reflect the interior of the building just selected.  Simultaneously, the control panel (the
		right side of the screen) should switch from whatever tab the user was already on to the 
		Current Building tab and display the information of the selected building in top, information
		area.
		
+Testing the click functionality of the buttons in the Current Person panel
	-In the current person panel, there is a JScrollPane filled with buttons for each of the
		people in the simulation with their names displayed on the button.  First of all, the user
		should be able to scroll through all the buttons.  When a user clicks one of these buttons,
		the top half of the Current Person panel should update to display the information for the 
		person that was just clicked.  
		
+Testing the click functionality of the buttons in the Current Building panel
	-In the current building panel. there is a JScrollPane filled with buttons for each of the
		buildings in the simulation with a unique name to identify the business.  First of all,
		the user should be able to scroll through all the buttons.  When the user clicks one of these
		buttons, the top half of the Current Building panel should update to display the information
		for the building that was just clicked.  Simultaneously, the Building Interior Panel (the
		bottom half of the left two thirds of the frame) should change to reflect the interior animation 
		of the building that was just clicked.
		
+Testing the functionality of the various attributes in the Create New Person panel
	-The first attribute of the Create New Person panel is the Name field.  In this field the use should
		be able to click to begin editing and then type characters.
	-The next attribute is the money slider.  Right beneath the "Name:" label and text field there is
		another set of labels.  On the left there is "Money:".  On the right there is "$XXXX.XX" where 
		X represents digits.  There are no leading zeroes.  By default this is set to "$0.00".  Beneath
		these labels is a slider.  This has tick marks and two labels: "Poor" and "Rich".  These labels
		are important in the person agent as they help determine actions.  By default, the slider is at
		0 (the far left).  As the user clicks and drags this slider, the Money label above should update
		the new value the slider is on.
	-The third attribute is the Occupation attribute.  This is a ComboBox with nine options.  The nine options
		are: none, waiter, restaurant cashier, cook, restaurant host, bank teller, bank host, market cashier, and
		market employee.  By default the combo box is set to none.  The user can click the combo box to
		bring up a drop down with the other choices.  By clicking an option, the combo box will close and display
		the newly selected option. 
	-The fourth attribute is the Work Scheduler field.  This is a radio button with two option: weekdays or
		weekends.  By default, neither of these are selected.  When you select one, the little circle to 
		the left of the label will be filled in.  Selecting the other will unselect the other one 
		(the circle to the left of label will no longer be filled in) and select the new one,
		thereby filling in the corresponding circle. 
	-The fifth attribute is the housing attribute.  This, like the Work Schedule attribute above it is a
		radio button.  The two options are house OR apartment.  By default, the house is selected.  The
		behavior is identical to the Work Schedule attribute above it. 
	-The final attribute on the Create Person panel is the Add button at the bottom.  When the user clicks
		this button, a new person will be created in the city.  Simultaneously, the control panel 
		(the right third of the frame) will switch to the current person panel.  In the JScrollPane, 
		the user will be able to find a button with the name of whatever was in the text field of the 
		New Person panel at the time the Add button was pressed.  If the user clicks this button, the
		information at the top of the current person panel will show the money to be equal to whatever,
		the slider was at in the New Person panel when the Add button was clicked. 
		
+Testing the functionality of the Configuration Tab
	-At the top of the Configuration tab is a combo box labeled "Configuration:".  The user can click 
		on this combo box to reveal a drop down box containing the different options available to him/her.
		Selecting one of these options will close the combo box and display the new selection.  Simultaneously,
		the large panel beneath it labeled "Description" will be updated to show the text description of 
		what the chosen configuration will do in the simulation.  By default, the combo box and description
		are set to Configuration 1.
	-At the very bottom of the panel is the Start button.  When clicked, this button will run whatever
		scenario is currently selected in the combo box at the top.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	